So you ended up here because you like many others seem to have an issue with Stand.  
Your menu suddenly decided to not show up anymore and/or 'de-auths' you?

At this current moment we have no solid information on why this is happening and how to fix it.  
And we can only hope that the developer will find the issue, but meanwhile you can try the work arounds.

This page will be updated when we have more news, work arounds or anything else related to this problem.  
If you found another work around that seem to work for you, make sure to message me on the Stand Discord.  
You can find me there under this name `> GayCookie.dev 🌈#1337`.

## Work Around
Best work around so far tested with some people and seems to be most reliable.  
This does not require you to change to singleplayer or even restart, you can just stay in same session.  

- Have your dashboard/account page open in the background with your `Activation Key` ready to copy.
- Have your `Activation Key.txt` from your `%AppData%\Stand` folder open and ready to copy.

Now just play like you always do but whenever Stand decided to bork, just copy your code and go back to your game.  
This should automaticly re-enable/re-auth Stand for you, if not just press <kbd class="key">Numpad +</kbd> or <kbd class="key">F4</kbd>.  

The reason why we keep a key ready to be copied? Stand will clear it from your clipboard once it has been used.

## Exlude other issues
If the work around not seem to work for you,  
You can follow the next steps to make sure you do not have any other issues first.

1. Close GTA & Stand Launchpad
2. Navigate to `%AppData%\Stand`
3. Remove the `Bin` and `Cache` folder.
4. Start Stand Launchpad.